People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago
- Anders Langlands
- JT Nelson
- Sean Looper

Previous Action Items
=====================

- OpenEXR: Get to a state where we can call OpenEXR "done" and lock the version to the OpenEXR project.
- USD: Get the most commonly used parts of USD implemented. Also, we should reach out and connect with the USD project and get them on board with the bindings.
- Onboarding: Make sure that all of the current binding repos have all of the needed documentation/files.

Topics
======

- Progress is slowing down for the year. Plan is to pick up in January.
- Expecting OpenEXR to be in the "done" state by end of January.
- Expecting OpenImageIO to be released by end of January.
- Luke and Anders is showing what we've done to the USD Working Group for their next meeting.
- Onboarding: OpenImageIO is ready for review for Anders, and Scott will pick the next project. Possibly will do USD last.
- CI: Scott can possibly start looking into CI again. The main questions that need to be solved:
    - How are we going to handle cppmm in the dependencies? The answer seems to be that we'll not have cppmm in the build dependencies, and instead pretend the C and Rust -sys bindings were built by hand.
    - How to cache the upstream build dependencies, such as the C++ OpenEXR? We could do it via part of the Docker container, or possibly use the GitHub actions caching.
    - How to handle tasks like cargo publish on release? We might need to move the projects over to the ASWF GitHub org to get access to their secret keys for builds and etc.
- Scott will build a template project with a working CI build matrix that we can test on, and port to the other projects in our org.

Action Items
============

- Get the OpenEXR API "done" by end of January.
- Get a release of the OpenImageIO API done by end of January.
- Create a template project with all onboarding information/CI example.
- Add onboarding documentation to more of our projects
- Anders will review the onboarding docs for OpenImageIO
