People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago
- Shannon Deoul
- Anders Langlands
- Luke Titley
- Brian Gyss
- Chris Redmann
- Sergio Rojas

Previous Action Items
=====================

- Scott: Create a Slack post or another space to collect all of the channels (blog post, news channels, Rust subreddit, etc) that we've communicated with.
- Scott: Once we have the blog post made, send a message to the community channels.
- Anders: Document the goals and design of the bindings
- Luke: Get OpenEXR bindings to compile on Mac.

Topics
======

- Diversity and Inclusion: The D&I group is starting an ambassador program, and we may get an ambassador to help us with documentation, onboarding, and etc.
- New people! Getting people started up: We have the OpenEXR and USD binding projects for people to pull down and play around with. People should be able to open a Docker container in the OpenEXR binding project and start hacking on the bindings. USD needs the onboarding process set up, and OpenImageIO is in progress. After people are comfortable, then we can let them work on a project.
- USD: There is a web USD working group that is interested in a C API for wasm. We can show them our working C API via cppmm. Also, we need to pick a USD version to develop against. Target will likely be the version used by Houdini or the latest at the current moment.
- OpenEXR: Anders is cleaning out the incomplete safe API to replace them with the unsafe API. Also, we should version up our OpenEXR version from 3.0.5 to the latest version. We need to do a pass of documentation clean up to make sure that the documents are rendering correctly, and converting C++ examples to Rust.
- OpenImageIO: Base API is fairly complete, but docs and tests are not done. Scott is also working on getting the onboarding documentation set up, but currently incomplete.

Action Items
============

- OpenEXR: Get to a state where we can call OpenEXR "done" and lock the version to the OpenEXR project.
- USD: Get the most commonly used parts of USD implemented. Also, we should reach out and connect with the USD project and get them on board with the bindings.
- Onboarding: Make sure that all of the current binding repos have all of the needed documentation/files.
