People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago Carvalho
- Atique
- David Aguilar

Previous Action Items
=====================

- Finalize the OpenEXR bindings.
  - Find out what "finalized" means for the bindings. Add issues/meta issue.
- Set up a CI.
  - Talk with the CI Working Group about setting up the CI/Docker hub.
  - Start to consider committing the automatically generated bindings.
  - Start with a really simple CI that runs `cargo test` and passes.
- Audit the openexr bindings GitHub project, find pain points with the current contribution workflow, and update the GitHub issues to tag good first issues, and help needed.
- Scott needs to get his Zoom host account working
- Communicate with the OpenEXR project to figure out what's needed for them to take ownership of the bindings, and make it a GitHub issue.

Topics
======

- CI: Tiago has communicated with the CI working group, and they've created a container with clang 10 or 11. He's also going to see if we can get a minimal Ubuntu container for running the tests for now.
- OpenEXR bindings: Still need to sort out what needs to be done on our end before we send the bindings over to the OpenEXR project. The deep compositing will likely need Ander's attention. We should create a list of topics we'd like to discuss with the OpenEXR project during their next meeting.

Action Items
============

- CI Server: Create a simple Ubuntu image that we can run `cargo test` on and pass.
- OpenEXR bindings: Sort out what still needs to be done before we hand off the bindings over to the OpenEXR project. Would need to communicate with the OpenEXR project.
