People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago Carvalho
- David Aguilar

Previous Action Items
=====================

- Get Anders on the crates `openexr` and `openexr-sys` (completed).
- Merge onboarding PR (completed).
- Finalize the OpenEXR bindings.
- Set up a CI.

Topics
======

- What do we need to do before advertising to the broader Rust community?
  - Figure out when do we want to advertise? Possibly around the openexr crate release/update.
  - Possible avenues of advertisements: RustConf (https://rustconf.com/), Reddit, the Rust official forums, etc.
  - In the post, add a link to the DigiPro talk on Rust (once it is public).
- When do we want to start on the openexr-core bindings?
  - Need to figure out what the intention of core is.
- Where are we at with getting the OpenEXR bindings officially owned by the OpenEXR project?
  - License - Changed to BSD 3 clause.
  - Should we update OpenEXR to 3.1?
  - Versioning - Stay 0.y.z for now, then be in absolute lock step with OpenEXR.
  - Create a task list (GitHub Issue?) of things to do before we transfer ownership of the bindings.

Action Items
============

- Finalize the OpenEXR bindings.
  - Find out what "finalized" means for the bindings. Add issues/meta issue.
- Set up a CI.
  - Talk with the CI Working Group about setting up the CI/Docker hub.
  - Start to consider committing the automatically generated bindings.
  - Start with a really simple CI that runs `cargo test` and passes.
- Audit the openexr bindings GitHub project, find pain points with the current contribution workflow, and update the GitHub issues to tag good first issues, and help needed.
- Scott needs to get his Zoom host account working
- Communicate with the OpenEXR project to figure out what's needed for them to take ownership of the bindings, and make it a GitHub issue.
