People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Sergio Rojas
- Luke Titley
- David Aguilar

Previous Action Items
=====================

Topics
======

Projects
--------

- WG Organization
    - There might be a project somewhere between the summer learning program and Google Summer of Code that we'll be able to participate in. More information when Scott gets it.
    - The ASWF TAC's recent focus is how to keep the projects sustainable, and prevent projects from going stale. One of the options is to bring in new people to act as a "secondary" chair person for each working group/project.
    - The Rust WG has a PR https://github.com/vfx-rs/organization/pull/16 to assign the chair and chief architects of the group. If someone signs up as a primary for any of the projects, then Scott challenges them to find a secondary that is someone who wouldn't likely be given the opportunity to participate in a leadership role.
- cppmm
    - David submitted some pull requests, Luke is reviewing them.
- OpenEXR
    - No updates
- PTex
    - No updates. David hopes to have time soon to create reader APIs.
- USD
    - Luke pushed up a few months worth of bind files. The sys crate has the sdf layer mostly done. For now, Luke is going to move to getting the CI working, and submit an alpha to the crates.io.
- OpenTimelineIO
    - No updates
- OpenImageIO
    - No updates
- OpenEXR core
    - No updates

Action Items
============
