People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago Carvalho
- David Aguilar
- Sergio Rojas

Previous Action Items
=====================

- Conference:
    - Get deadline for conference: Scott
    - Create a document or something for members to contribute to

Topics
======

Projects
--------

- WG Organization
    - Template project - Need to get Windows and Mac to successfully pass the tests, then get CentOS 7 (using the ASWF Docker images?) to pass the tests.
    - Open Source Forum - Scott sent the TAC a list of things that we have done since the last forum (we created the WG, tooling, and bindings), and what our plans are for the future.
    - Projects Owners - Scott will set up a PR with the names of people who volunteered to be project owners on the org repo.
    - Turn on discussions for all repos
- cppmm
    - No updates
- OpenEXR
    - No updates
- OpenImageIO
    - No updates
- PTex
    - First past for the writer high level bindings in alpha. Have some questions on how to best structure the API. Starting on reader next.
    - David wanted to push up to crates.io, and needs to be added into the maintainers list. He'll send Scott a message with his account to be added. He'll then figure out getting the code deployed.
    - There's some hardcoded paths in the build.rs that are local to David's machine. Scott recommended to check the template project or OpenEXR, and if there's nothing, to check on Slack.
- USD
    - Currently working through sdf api sys bindings.
- OpenTimelineIO
    - Generated the C/Sys bindings. The project structure was updated from what it originally was to match the rest of the projects, and the next thing to do is to get the sys crate tests to pass.

Action Items
============
