People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Garret Sakura
- Tiago Carvalho
- David Aguilar
- Luke Titley

Previous Action Items
=====================

Topics
======

Projects
--------

- WG Organization
    - The current wording for the project leadership was a bit off. The suggestionn is to swap "Primary" and "Secondary" with "Chair/Maintainer" and "Co-Chair/Maintainer".
    - We agreed that there should only be one maintainer/chair, and one co-maintainer/chair per project for the sake of organization. The goal is to help make succession clear. If there's any issues with succession, then it would be up to the working group to resolve. But this doesn't stop someone from gaining "maintainer" access in GitHub and push changes if the project leadership approves.
    - Rust BOF during SIGGRAPH: We're looking into submitting an application to have a Rust BOF during SIGGRAPH. More information as it comes.
- cppmm
    - No updates
- OpenEXR
    - No updates
- PTex
    - Figuring out project members
- USD
    - No updates
- OpenTimelineIO
    - No updates
- OpenImageIO
    - No updates
- OpenEXR core
    - No updates

Action Items
============
