People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago Carvalho
- Anders Langlands
- JT Nelson
- Sergio Rojas

Previous Action Items
=====================

Topics
======

Projects
--------

- WG Organization
    - GSOC: There was 1 applicant to the ASWF GSOC, so considering this a wash.
    - Secondary chair: Scott is going to ask for volunteers for being a secondary chair (in case Scott is unavailable when needed).
    - WG Review: There's a yearly review for ASWF projects/working groups that goes into a bit more depth about the project/group. While our review isn't for a while, we should be aware of it. Scott will get a sample from the OCIO review presentation.
- cppmm
    - No updates, asides from "needs a rewrite". We should also look into looking into what else is out there since we started on cppmm to decide if cppmm is the way to go, or if we should move to another binding package.
- OpenEXR
    - No updates.
    - We need to refresh our memory on what needs to happen. The code is "done", and ready to go, but needs to be cleaned up for handing over to the OpenEXR project.
- PTex
    - No updates.
- USD
    - Progress going as planned. Only a few files left in the SDF sys layer.
- OpenTimelineIO
    - Figuring how to remove the dependency on bindgen. Scott will meet up with Sergio and figure things out.
- OpenImageIO
    - Pretty close to done. Need to create an image slice library to handle the raw data (needed for OpenEXR as well).
- OpenEXR core
    - A good chunk of the library is bound. There's a type that isn't movable, which makes it difficult to bind in Rust.

Action Items
============
