People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago Carvalho
- Sergio Rojas
- David Aguilar
- Luke Titley

Previous Action Items
=====================

Topics
======

Projects
--------

- WG Organization
    - New meeting time: Anders has proposed that we have a new meeting time. Scott will make a poll for members to fill, and the new time will be announced next meeting.
    - GSOC: Scott will talk with Anders and Luke (GSOC mentors) to figure out some good first issues that potential candidates can fill out so they can be considered for the next GSOC.
- cppmm
    - No updates
- OpenEXR
    - No updates
- PTex
    - No updates, David is still working on it.
- USD
    - No updates, Luke is still working on it.
- OpenTimelineIO
    - Sergio has otio bindings build with the C library. Still needs a code review (Scott Wilson).

Action Items
============
