People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago Carvalho
- David Aguilar
- Barry Dempsey
- Anders Langlands
- Luke Titley

Previous Action Items
=====================

Topics
======

Projects
--------

- WG Organization
    - New Zoom system through Linux Foundation. Will start to migrate over in the future.
- cppmm/babble
    - Anders is making progress. Luke is poking at it for USD. Currently doesn't build anything, but generates C and Rust code. Linking isn't implemented yet. There's a couple of constructs that don't work right now and are difficult to support without support in Clang. Would be a significant patch. Related to inheriting from a templated. If there's a template that is referenced in a base class with with a different name than the subclass, there's no good way to figure out what to do. Right now, Babble USD manually implements the weakptr. Need to add support for arrays and green functions, among others.
    - Luke has managed to get the Babble USD repo to successfully build.
    - There's an issue with the patch Ander's has sent to Clang, and there's notes that needs to be addressed. Anders would like to get the patch accepted, but will take time. Until then, we're using Ander's fork for Babble.
    - After that, all that is left is handling linking and making sure the exported names aren't gnarly.
- OpenEXR
    - No updates
- PTex
    - No updates
- USD
    - No updates (asides from the updates with Babble USD)
- OpenTimelineIO
    - Scott had a meeting with the OTIO project. They seem interested in using Babble to build a C API to make it easier to maintain. Also, Scott talked about making the iterator API friendlier in C to make things easier to manage on the Rust side.
- OpenImageIO
    - No updates
- OpenEXR core
    - No updates

Action Items
============
